wow someone has to be recording
if they stabilized it or
the same altitude the same height and this
it is the place by the degree of the sweets
in fact here I have made the forms
the view
Where are you
today I'm recording an object right now it's
super amazing and there and it went well
slow and everything but you know it's going to
participate towards your area
more or less for your area is already counted
that I already gave him several of the
camera and it's not a hot balloon but
you know it 's amazing
Simon, you saw it
no manches passes near ninhue other
it happens very close to what a
little bit
for me my work link with a
another camera is now already static
in static
he has not gone there he's still there he's still
static
look
tait is still worthy
I will just continue
run dude
you do not know what I want I want the charger
of what I wanted
they do not sell
this was
the birds
it was a bird
You saw
it's not up that it's going to be far
beyond that of the bad thing
imagine that we are leading a
car I think
h
exact increasing until today now
little bit up on top of the
building on the corner on this side
up arribita life life
I say because in this area it's where
the lights that I have recorded come out
Look, they are going to check my videos there and I
I stayed and not stains you say all your
balloon studies
and even mark the total stack in the
last
to highlight what I want to say
was in the script is working it
is going to rosarito youtube
actually mediate
and it's already going to the right ones
the farms that look
Y
and sixth
that yes that is going towards him towards
there towards him
that's like it's a lot like it's
the sea